Content mgmt - Updated article (#734)
demisto/content-docs: content-repo/extra-docs/articles/content-management.md

---

## Building The Repo

> You can visit our [example repo](https://github.com/demisto/content-helloworld-premium) and clone it to use as a base to your repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can visit our [example repository](https://github.com/demisto/content-helloworld-premium) and clone it to use as a baseline.
```

### The Repo's Structure
```
├── .hooks
│   ├── <your-hooks-here>
├── Packs
│   ├── Pack1
│   │   ├── IncidentFields
│   │   │   ├── <your-incident-field.json>
│   │   │   ├── ...
│   │   ├── IncidentTypes
│   │   │   ├── <your-incident-type.json>
│   │   │   ├── ...
│   │   ├── Layouts
│   │   │   ├── <your-layout.json>
│   │   │   ├── ...
│   │   ├── Playbooks
│   │   │   ├── <your-playbook.yml>
│   │   │   ├── ...
│   │   ├── Scripts
│   │   │   ├── <your-script>
│   │   │   │   ├── <your-script.py>
│   │   │   │   ├── <your-script.yml>
│   │   │   ├── ...
│   │   ├── Integrations
│   │   │   ├── <your-integration>
│   │   │   │   ├── <your-integration.py>
│   │   │   │   ├── <your-integration.yml>
│   │   │   ├── ...
│   │   ├── ReleaseNotes
│   │   │   ├── <1_0_1.md>
│   │   │   ├── <1_0_2.md>
│   │   │   ├── ...
│   ├── ...
├── README.md
├── xsoar_config.json
├── .private-repo-settings
├── .demisto-sdk-conf
├── requirements.txt
├── tox.ini
├── demistomock.py                    # Can be copied from the Content repo
├── demistomock.ps1                   # Can be copied from the Content repo
├── CommonServerPython.py             # Can be copied from the Content repo

> ├── CommonServerPowerShell.ps1        # Can be copied from the Content repo

Reviewer: are you sure those are needed?

Author: I wasn't able to do that without it.

---

## Building the CI/CD process

### Recommneded Steps:
1. Prepare the enviornment and the virtual enviornment to run demisto-sdk on.

> 2. Create an ID set for the private repo, and merge it with Content repo's ID set.

Reviewer: how? add the relevant command or a link to the step in the content build (link should use a specific commit)
